Add reminder to check migrate:rollback (#14694)
department-of-veterans-affairs/caseflow: PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

* [ ] Timestamps (created_at, updated_at) for new tables
* [ ] Column comments updated

> * [ ] Verify that `migrate:rollback` works as desired ([reason](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10365129/rails-migrations-self-up-and-self-down-versus-change))

Reviewer: I'd suggest linking to the direct rails docs

```suggestion
* [ ] Verify that `migrate:rollback` works as desired ([`change` supported functions](https://edgeguides.rubyonrails.org/active_record_migrations.html#using-the-change-method))
```
